---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: UI Basics Technical Blog
date: 2021-09-17
labels:
  - WODs
  - BrowserHistory 1, 2, 3.
  - E1
---

<h3 id="browser-history-1">Browser History 1</h3>
  <p>
Out of the 3 BrowserHistory WODs I did, this one was the most easiest. The task was fairly straightfoward: make a site that has a table of contents, and paragraphs with images beginning in them. ICS 101 really prepared me for this so it wasn't that much trouble. Even though I took the Sd amount of time to complete this WOD, I could've completed it sooner if it wasn't for a phone call I had during this WOD and the pesky coding I had to do.
  </p>

<h4 id="advice">Advice:</h4>
<p>
My advice for BrowserHistory1 is to take it step by step and understand what you need to do first. For example, make all the paragraphs first in order to reference them in the table of contents later. 
</p>

<h3 id="browser-history-2">Browser History 2</h3>
<p>
BroswerHistory2 gave me a tough time. It took me 2 attempts to complete but I was able to get a Av time on my second try. My problem wasn't the stylesheet or the css code. My biggest hurdle was the google fonts. For some reason, I couldn't figure out at first how to reference an external font through google. But, after DNF my first try, I watched the screencast and it helped me realize my mistake. 
</p>

<h4 id="advice-1">Advice:</h4>
<p>
My advice for this WOD is to go for it. You can only learn by trying. Another huge piece of advise would be to google for help. It takes much less time and energy to google something plenty of people have solved. I'm not saying google will answer everything but its a wise tool to use. I used google to find out what the code would be for referencing Oswald type font into the css. 
</p>

<h3 id="browser-history-3">Browser History 3</h3>
<p>
Just like the last WOD, it took me 2 trys too. This was definitely the hardest out of the 3. For the most part, I was able to do everything alright. The only thing that got to me was arranging the paragraphs into 3 collumns. I initially thought of putting the paragraphs and such into a table but thats not the way the prof. did it on the screencast. After viewing the screencast and going on my second try, I realized the only way to fit them was to put it in the exact same order as the video. For some odd reason, if you put the firefox or chrome paragraph in the first collumn, the rest doesn't fit nicely and flush. That really frustraited me as there was no clear reason why to that. 
</p>

<h4 id="advice-2">Advice:</h4>
<p>
Kind of like the last WOD, you need to go for it and try. I thought we would use tables but I was completely wrong. Another piece of advice would be to make it your way. What I mean by that is if theres another way to do the same task and end up with the same results, than do what you know. I learned that in coding, its not so much how you do it but what is the result. 
</p>
