---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: E3: Performing WODs Technical Essay
date: 2021-09-27
labels:
  - WODs
  - Invoice1
  - E3
---
<h4 id="introduction">Introduction</h4>

<p>The most recent WOD, Invoice1, is about creating and displaying a table that represents a sales invoice. It involces taking 5 purchased items, adding them up along wiht the sales tax to generate a sub and grand total. <a href="https://dport96.github.io/ITM352/morea/060.expressions-operators/experience-invoice1.html">Here</a> is the link to the Invoice1 WOD.</p>

<h4 id="performance">Performance</h4>

<p>When I first opened up the assignment, I was pretty daunted at the steps and our end goal but knew it wouldn't be THAT hard to accomplish. I just started the timer and began the work. I followed everystep but just never got the final table. I ended up getting stuck at the part where it says to create a table. Seeing all the code for the item row really confused me and I stopped. I watched the screencast and everything kind of clicked after that. On my second attempt, things went a lot more smoother. Everything in the assignment made more sense as I continued working on it. The only thing that troubles me in my second attempt was how to get document.write to work in a table row. I used the screencast and realized I needed to put "`" into the code to make it work.</p>

<h4 id="preparation">Preparation</h4>

<p>My preparation for this WOD was very minimal, I knew I had the strength to complete it but I forgot somethings. I just went head first and if I got stuck, keep trying until I had 0 ideas left.</p>

<h4 id="improvement">Improvement</h4>

<p>One way I could improve is to go over the previous labs because they usually go over the same issues in the WODs. Also to maybe think about what the steps are reffering to and think of a solution for each step.</p>
