---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: 'E6: Evaluation Guidelines and Class Retrospective BLOG'
date: 2021-12-25
labels:
  - Assignments
  - Assignment3
  - My Experience
---
<h1>This details my experience with completing assignmnet 3 and my view on this semester</h1>
<h2>This video is a walk-through of my store:</h2>
<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/QjR-qO6jCxE" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>
<h2>Briefly describe your system</h2>
<h3>My store sells the hottest sneakers on the market</h3>

<h2>Any notable shortcomings, bugs, problems, or additional features not implemented?</h2>
<h3>There may be some shortcomings in security, for the most part you can't directly access the invoice page without loggin in first but if you put invoice in the URL, then you could access it. But other than that, I also couldn't really figure out tracking where users went and a timeout session. I couldnt get it to work easily with just Javascript and sessions.</h3>

<h2>Describe what you are most proud of about your system:</h2>
<h3>I am proud of just how it works. I think the site flows in a logical path and isn't </h3>

<h2>Describe what you are least happy with your system:</h2>
<h3>I am least happy with how simple it may be. I wish I could implement things more complex, but I think I’m not there yet in terms of programming.</h3>

<h2>How was developing this assignment different than assignment #2?</h2>
<h3>For this assignment, I really need to take a step back and evaluate how everything is connect and how sessions will affect my method (lack of) of managing data such as user info and product quantities.</h3>

<h2>When you ran into a problem, what did you do to address it?</h2>
<h3>As a stuborn person, when I ran into an error, i just kept changing small things (errors) until it worked. I rarely used the debugger in VS code for this assignmnet as things felt logical. Most of my problems had to do with improper naming and wrong types/methods being used.</h3>

<h2>Describe what worked well in doing this assignment?</h2>
<h3>Some aspects of my site that worked well is the shopping cart. Being able to update inside the cart seems impressive. I also think the design of the site is pretty decent.</h3>

<h2>Describe what did not work well in doing this assignment?</h2>
<h3>One thing that didn’t go well for me was generating an invoice to email the user. At first, I had a major problem of not being able to get the total amount of products being purchased. I ended up fixing this by putting the cart total into the query string and use that in the checkout post to create that mail string.</h3>

<h2>What did you learn from doing this assignment?</h2>
<h3>Of course I learned a lot of programming and how it functions. But a major lesson I learned was time managment. I'll admit I procrastinated and that lead me to staying up on a lot of nights. Making me regret not asking help sooner because it bite me in the butt.</h3>

<h2>If you could go back in time and do things differently, what would you change?</h2>
<h3>I would've started sooner and ask professor for help earlier too. Especially when sessions was a new concept, the extra help would have definitely saved me a lot of trouble.</h3>

<h2>Estimate the % of time you spent (a) thinking about how to do something, (b) writing code (but do not include testing, (c) testing and debugging</h2>
<h3>Thinking about doing something: 20%, Writing code:35%, Testing/debugging:45%</h3>
